set specific uid for mona-uds-agent runner user (#10)
monalabs/mona-uds-client: agent/README.md

#### Deployment notes:
* Specifying MONA_USER_ID and using the YAML without any changes will result in the best performance.
  

> * Adding SOCKET_UID env var to the DaemonSet YAML allows setting a specific UID in order to use sockey between mona-uds-agent and mona-client which uses a specific UID (Default UID: 1000) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adding SOCKET_UID env var to the DaemonSet YAML allows setting a specific UID in order to use a socket between mona-uds-agent and a container running mona-uds-client (which uses this UID). Default UID: 1000.
```
